♪
(beeping)
(Tori)
Yuma, wake up!
(beeping)
(dinging)
Oh...
I lost to Yuma!?
This is a sad day for
student government.
Hey, you guys,
let's hear it for
our new class representative.
(all cheering)
Wake up!
The election is over.
Election?
For class representative
and you won.
Ahh!
♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided
we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand
in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ And just
wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are gone
erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls can't
be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regretting never
our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Big defeat ♪
♪ Do all
that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got
nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
Ahh!
Is this a joke?!
Hope you don't mind,
but I nominated you to be
our class rep, Yuma.
I can't believe you did
that without asking me!
Well, I can't believe
you actually won.
I didn't
vote for ya.
Maybe I should
ask for a recount.
Yuma, I'm sure
you're just the one
to shake things up
around here.
Yeah, we want change!
This school's
way too strict.
Things will improve if
students have more say.
Uh...
So you guys want me to
lead this fight
to make
the school better?
(girl)
This is the year
for change.
I am not sure
you are ready
for the responsibility
of being a leader.
I accept!
For my first act,
I promise you
to get all veggies
banned from the lunch menu!
And instead of classes,
we'll have duels all day!
(sighing)
(Caswell)
After all my hard work,
I can't believe my class
voted me out of office.
(girl)
This is so great.
Yuma deserves to be class
representative.
(Carlyle)
Yuma Tsukumo
on the student council!?
He constantly shows up late
for school.
And eats his
lunch in class.
Plus, he talks to himself
all the time.
Yuma's
a disgrace to this school,
yet his classmates elected him
as a representative!?
Yuma must be stopped!
Yeah, you got
that right!
Master.
I agree with you,
Carlyle.
Yuma Tsukumo
is a threat.
As student council president,
you should be keeping
these kids in line.
Yes, I know that.
Well then?
Have you come up
with a plan to
stomp out this
Yuma character?
Yes, I have one.
It's a great plan.
Ever since
I entered this school
and became the student
council president,
I've won
the love and devotion
of the whole student body.
So no one will dare oppose
me when I crush Yuma.
With a little
help from the card
that you gave me, Gilag.
(laughing)
Just make sure
you don't fail.
For Barian!
(all)
Long live Barian World!
♪
You want me to be
the student council's
new disciplinarian?
Yes, you're perfect
for the job.
You see, I need
someone of great integrity
who understands the importance
of order.
I can't believe,
from all the students here,
you picked me,
Mr. President!
I'm unworthy, but I accept!
I'm counting on you
to make sure
our fellow students
all stick to the rules.
Got it?
Yes, sir, I won't fail.
(laughing)
♪
Ta-da!
You made
a membership card?
Yeah, to show I belong
to The Super Secret Number
Card Investigation Club!
Nice.
It looks like you had it
made professionally.
I whipped up cards
for you guys, too!
Thanks!
My pleasure!
I love my photo!
Hey, Bronk,
I wanna join your club!
Please can I join,
huh, please, come on!
Uh, maybe...
I'll have to
have a powwow
with the membership
committee.
(whistle blowing)
♪
(Tori)
Is that you, Caswell?
Yo, you gave us
a scare.
What's with
that goofy getup?
This "getup" is my official
uniform.
I was just made the student
council's chief disciplinarian!
Disciplinarian?
This has to be
a joke, right?
I don't get it.
My job is to make sure
all of you
obey the rules in
the student handbook
and to hand out
Misconduct Cards
whenever the rules
are violated.
For instance, Bronk brought
non-approved items to school
so here's a Misconduct Card!
Earn ten of those
and you'll get suspended.
If you have 30 cards, you'll
be expelled from school!
I like the old
Caswell better.
(snoring)
(meowing)
(Cathy)
Oh, really?
Well, good for you.
I hope those dogs
learned their lesson!
Huh-- ahh!
Fraternizing with felines
is against the rules!
Did you hear what
happened in gym class today?
(whistle blowing)
No gossiping!
(girls)
Oh yeah!?
(whistle blowing)
No evil scheming!
I demand to talk with
my lawyer immediately!
I'm late again!
(whistle blowing)
That's against
the rules!
No eating in class!
That dive was unsafe!
Yuma, that's
a zipper violation!
Making a mess is
a misdemeanor!
I'm citing you
running too fast,
for not flossing, for blinking
excessively!
That does it!
Caswell,
you've gone too far!
Just what do you
mean by that?
No matter what I do, you say
I'm breakin' the rules!
You have to follow
regulations
like everyone else, Yuma.
Yeah, but you gotta
ease up a little!
I'm simply
doing my job.
I was assigned to this office
by the student council
president
and you have no right
to question my authority.
I do have the right,
Caswell.
I'm the class
representative!
(Carlyle)
Yuma Tsukumo!
(Caswell)
President Chesterton!
It seems Yuma Tsukumo
has an objection to
the council's decision.
Yeah!
Then there's only
one way to resolve this.
With a duel.
I'm sure you won't object
to that, will you?
If you win, the council
won't have disciplinarians
for the school anymore.
Sounds good to me!
Now let's
start dueling!
One more thing,
since this duel
will be held
on school grounds,
it must stick to all
school rules.
Do you agree?
You're on!
Attention, Disciplinarian
Caswell.
Make sure all rules
are strictly followed
and enforced during
our duel.
Yes, sir!
Let's start!
♪
Duel Disk, go!
Duel Gazer,
let's roll!
(woman)
Augmented Reality Vision Link
established.
Let's duel!
I'm up first,
Carlyle!
It's time to draw!
To start, I'll summon
Gagaga Magician!
I'm countin'
on ya, Gagaga--
(Caswell)
Not so fast!
Hold it right there!
You broke the rules!
But how?!
I just got started!
There's no chains
allowed in school!
And no bling either!
Plus, faces
cannot be covered.
Even monsters have to obey
the dress code!
Those are serious
violations.
What's the penalty,
Chief Disciplinarian?
Automatic suspension!
That Gagaga has to
go back in your hand!
But that's
totally unfair.
Not at all, Yuma.
I told you our duel had to
follow all
of the school rules.
Which means
you cannot summon
any monster that violates
those rules.
Well, that's not good.
Try using your brain
before agreeing to
suspicious duels.
Thanks,
now you tell me!
I'll have to end
my turn for now
but that doesn't
mean I'm giving up.
♪
I'm taking over.
I draw!
And right at the start,
I'll activate
my Mirror Stage
of Discipline spell card.
Once activated, this spell
returns all the monsters
on my field
to their original
attack and defense points.
And next I'm summoning
Tamagushi, the Righteous!
♪
Hold on!
You can't summon
a Level 6 monster
without tributing
anything!
(Astral)
He can if he lowers
its attack points to zero
Well, at least
it's weak.
Not for long!
Remember my Mirror Stage
of Discipline spell?
It returns Tamagushi to
her original attack points.
So there is no violation.
(Caswell)
That's right, Mr. President.
This is all part of
Carlyle's strategy.
Next I bring out
my star pupil,
Sakaki,
the Honor Student!
I can summon Sakaki whenever
Tamagushi's on the field.
Both of those
monsters are Level 6!
Prepare yourself,
Yuma.
Now watch as my Level 6
Tamagushi and Sakaki
earn themselves
an "A-plus" for teamwork!
For extra credit, these
two perfect pupils
will build
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Norito
the Moral Leader!
Get ready,
Norito the Moral Leader.
Strike at Yuma with
all your might!
Wait!
I'm activating the trap card
Impenetrable Attack!
It shields me
from your attack
so I take zero damage!
You can't escape
punishment so easily!
Norito, use your
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
Norito negates your trap
and then zaps
it out of existence.
Now do your duty,
Norito.
Ahh!
Maybe now you'll learn to
respect the rules, Yuma.
I end my turn.
I draw!
Please wait.
If you summon a monster
that breaks school rules,
it will be removed.
Yeah, but that's
practically all of them!
Then again, as long as they
don't catch me
breakin' the rules,
I should be okay!
I'll put a monster
facedown in defense mode!
Take that, Carlyle!
You can't penalize me
when you don't know
if I broke
the rules or not.
Wait, I'm making
a surprise inspection!
I can use this trap
to take one monster
that's facedown
and flip it face-up!
(groaning)
Uh-oh, hide, quick!
(whistle blowing)
Rule violation!
There are several,
in fact!
For one thing,
that scarf is way too long,
plus, she has an
oversized ribbon
and her accessories
are an eyesore!
In fact, her whole outfit
flouts the school dress code!
Especially that hideous
hat on her head.
How would you advise us
to handle this matter,
Chief Disciplinarian?
The penalty is clear.
It's suspension!
She must leave
the field at once!
Not if I use
my Clear Robe spell
to cover Gagaga Girl up!
This card lets my monster
stay on the field
by lowering its attack
and defense points to zero.
Now you see it,
now you don't!
Oh, yeah!
Since Gagaga Girl and her
attire are now invisible,
she cannot be
suspended again, unless...
Always trying to
bend the rules.
But it won't work, Yuma.
You can't hide your
rule-breaking from me,
because I activate Norito's
special ability.
It'll use an Overlay Unit
to destroy your spell!
I'm afraid Gagaga Girl
is in detention.
(screaming)
No fair!
I can't use any cards!
Calm yourself and try using
Tatakawa Knight.
Oh, yeah.
I activate
Tatakawa Knight's
special ability
from my hand!
When you negate
my spell or trap
and you're the only one with
monsters on the field,
I can send this
card to the graveyard
and you get walloped with
1500 points of damage!
Ahh!
Stay on the offensive and you
can win this battle.
Right!
You act like
a perfect student,
when all you're really doing
is twisting the rules
around to your advantage!
I'll use Monster Reborn
to summon Tamagushi
from your graveyard,
but now it's in defense
mode on my side.
You-- you can't do that!
Yes, I can.
And since this monster
was yours to begin with,
I'm sure it doesn't break
any rules, now does it?
I didn't think so.
It's your turn,
Carlyle.
That's it!
Yuma!
You crossed me
for the last time!
Chief Disciplinarian,
you saw Yuma
directly attack
me on school grounds--
a major offense!
I demand
those points back!
Then again... you also made
a direct attack
on Yuma using
your Norito card, sir.
I don't care!
Didn't you just witness Yuma
stealing my monster?
We can't allow
a thief in our school.
Yuma Tsukumo must be expelled
permanently!
Mr. President,
that's going too far!
That's right,
Caswell, way too far!
He's been acting
like a tyrant
so why are
you helping him?
Why did you all of a sudden
become his flunky?
What choice
do I have, Yuma?
After all, you were elected
class representative
in my place
and I was left with nothing!
I agreed to serve
as the school's
chief disciplinarian
because I still wanted to be
important around here!
And that's the reason you're
doing Carlyle's bidding?
Listen, when you first
ran for class representative,
was it 'cause you wanted to
be important then to?
No, I just wanted to help
the other students.
By serving as
class representative,
I thought I could make
the school a better place.
That's why I ran for office.
To help the school...
yes, that's why.
Who cares if you're on
the student council?
You can still
help the school.
If that's your dream,
don't give it up
no matter what!
It's true.
That is my dream.
Helping the students here
is what counts.
As for this uniform...
... Carlyle
can take it back!
Huh?
Way to go!
You're going back to
regular dueling rules now!
Now go school our student
council president
in how to really duel!
Totally!
♪
You'll regret betraying me,
Caswell!
I'll take care of
you after I crush Yuma!
I activate a spell
from my hand.
Rank-Up-Magic
Barian's Force!
Ha-ha!
Barian?
Of course.
It gives me
unbeatable power.
This Barian spell ranks up
my Xyz Monster
into a Chaos Xyz Monster!
Now I'll use
Norito The Moral Leader
to rebuild the Overlay
Network!
Go, Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Your judgment
is at hand, Yuma!
You'll get no mercy from
CXyz Simon The Great
Moral Leader!
You're finished!
Watch as Simon's special
ability activates!
Using one
Chaos Overlay Unit,
my Moral Leader
switches your monster from
defense to attack mode.
You're about to get booted
out of this school, Yuma!
CXyz Simon
The Great Moral Leader,
eliminate Tamagushi!
(Carlyle)
You're about to get booted out
of this school, Yuma!
CXyz Simon
The Great Moral Leader,
eliminate Tamagushi!
There's gonna be one less
problem student around here.
Surprise.
That almost worked,
Carlyle.
But luckily I activated
my Half Unbreak trap
right before you
attacked Tamagushi.
(Astral)
Very clever, Yuma!
The card's effect saves
Tamagushi
because it can not be
destroyed in battle this turn.
And Half Unbreak reduces
the damage
that you took by half.
So you held out.
But not for
much longer!
I'm activating my spell
Double Check!
It wipes out one monster
that wasn't destroyed
in battle this turn!
So long, Tamagushi!
Yuma's putting up
a fierce fight,
but he only has
300 life points left!
It's not enough.
I'm sorry I got you in this
mess, Yuma!
I'm still in this duel,
don't worry!
Being down a few points just
makes it more interesting.
It's my draw, Carlyle!
Awesome.
Go for it, Yuma!
Right!
Gagaga Magician...
you're on!
Gagaga!
And next I'm activating,
the spell Gagagawind!
I can summon
a Gagaga monster
and raise its
Level by 1!
Your Suspension
is over, Gagaga Girl!
And now that they're
both back,
I'm gonna Overlay
my Level 4
Gagaga Magician
and Gagaga Girl!
With these two monsters
I build
the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon
Number 39: Utopia!
♪
It's clearly not
powerful enough
to beat Simon
The Great Moral Leader!
It is with Gagaga Girl's
special ability!
When she and Gagaga Magician
become Overlay Units together,
then the attack points of
your Xyz Monster
on your field
are zeroed out!
So your Great Moral Leader
isn't so great anymore.
Simon!
It is vulnerable now!
Utopia, get ready
to make your attack!
Overpower Carlyle's
Great Moral Leader
with Rising Sun Slash!
♪
(yelling)
(dinging)
How did I get here when
I should be in the study hall?
He, like the others,
has no recollection.
(Tori)
Yuma!
(Bronk)
When we heard what was
goin' on, we hurried over!
Is everything okay
now, Yuma?
We were really worried!
You guys!
Forgive me!
I know I treated you
all terribly.
In the end,
if you don't wanna
be friends anymore,
I'll understand.
(Bronk)
Chill out, Caswell!
We'll always
be your friends.
Even when you make a complete
fool of yourself
by putting on a goofy uniform
and acting like
a megalomaniac!
Honest?
We're gonna just move on like
it all never happened?
I think
that's the idea.
(Bronk)
Forgive and forget!
Sure!
Unless there's some kind of
rule against it!
(all laughing)
(Yuma)
We can rip up those Misconduct
Cards you gave us, right?
Yuma, I can't believe
you resigned
as class representative.
You served for what?
Less than 24 hours?
Nobody told me
part of the job
was going to student council
meetings.
Unlike me, Caswell actually
likes sitting in meetings!
Okay.
I have an important
announcement!
The after-school bake sale
will be held outside
the cafeteria next Tuesday.
(Gilag)
I can't believe Yuma broke my
hold on the student council.
I gotta find another spot in
this crummy school for my HQ.
Huh?
Can I help you?
(Gilag)
Yeah.
I'm lookin' for somebody.
The artist who drew
this picture of me.
Well, it--
it was me.
You've got talent.
I could use
a creative guy like you.
(laughing)